Some ideas for making the code publishable, better performing, more versatile and modern. In no
particular order: 

	Verify channel order for KrakenSDR, e.g. which physical channel is '1001' or '1000'

	Add support for individual channel bias tees instead of them all, quite useless feature for now.

	add support for R820T/2 new functionality, rtlsdr_set_tuner_gain_ext(...). Note, these do not exist in the
	official&original Osmocom librtlsdr source, but come from experimental forks?
	Check https://www.rtl-sdr.com/gui-for-controlling-the-r820t2-filters-and-registers/ where this was implemented
	already in 2018.

	add support to gperftools (formerly) Google performance tools, useful for debugging and optimizing performance,
	particularly (works particularly well with threads and STL)

	Use a static analysis tool to help clean up the syntax and structure, e.g. "clang-tidy is a clang-based C++ “linter""

	modernize: use C++ nullptr, shared_ptr and unique_ptr, for example. Which C++ standard should we target?

	get rid of ZMQ and favor plain TCP/IP sockets instead? ZMQ was not thread-safe when this was originally written?,
	it is now but is it worth it.

	fork the librtlsdr KrakenSDR variant to better control it from changes

	modernize cmake related files

	get rid of deprecation warnings when building, the libraries used have developed

	get rid of Stallman's GNU Readline and licence with LGPL instead of GPL.

	enable easier cross-building for ARM targets

	Add support for SoapySDR for better compatibility with other SDR software, such as GNU Radio, Matlab? SoapySDR supports
	multiple channel streams directly and is updated relatively recently. OsmoSDR is one option too.

	Related to the bias tee voltage, if all else fails: open the KrakenSDR and determine if its easily possible
	to control the voltage, 5V by default. At the moment, Laufer has verified from the electronic design team
	that this voltage comes directly from the 5V source (what source, USB?, is this filtered at all). Determine
	if its easily reduced to e.g. 3.3V

